edit airflow 3 migration guide (#49414)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/installation/upgrading_to_airflow3.rst

- **SubDAGs**: Replaced by TaskGroups, Datasets, and Data Aware Scheduling.
- **Sequential Executor**: Replaced by LocalExecutor, which can be used with SQLite for local development use cases.
- **SLAs**: Deprecated and removed; Will be replaced by forthcoming `Deadline Alerts <https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/x/tglIEw>`_.

> - **Subdir**: Used as an argument on many CLI commands, ``--subdir`` or ``-S`` has been superseded by `DAG bundles <https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=294816356>`_.

Reviewer: Worth cross referencing: https://github.com/apache/airflow/blob/78f00a33fa1167295609283f47b0046413ae8d9a/airflow-core/docs/administration-and-deployment/dag-bundles.rst#L18 instead of the AIP doc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Subdir**: Used as an argument on many CLI commands, ``--subdir`` or ``-S`` has been superseded by :doc:`DAG bundles </administration-and-deployment/dag-bundles>`.
```
